I learned something too soft we doing
stuff how about Anthony little in my
room do not be able shutter oh my advice
to me without necessarily Devils have
something obtained I don't I mean I
didn't realize what's new top wish I
think we shud i needeth i suspicion here
i wanna take you there already that all
right the consistency already know them
I've done a little boom double digit oh
oh oh oh stop it push push push push we
should it but I don't want to take a job
it's all gonna wish I don't want a
domino matter
the depression be passionate and Allah
nope i said it matter shit which it
Oh
it wasn't a mistake or distance by
minutes of you and I've ever Michael
told me my anchovy oil go meet Nicki I
don't know
I don't take those all right but not
with him hi there what I found are you
my dear okay happy and ready haha
besides it exactly LOL me but why not
data ready again so little second acid i
know my camel afternoon Michael I'm I
thought why don't you go with you don't
see you I see I'm sure that it gives me
dead of it I just know but does your
damn it no that's all so much and with
the bed
nothing more red flag dropped I